Dear Volunteers please go through the file, find your names and E-Library sites for monitoring. Foĺlow the guidelines below before heqding towards the Site:
BEFORE GOING TO THE SCHOOL
1) This time we are monitoring 11Sites. The contract of 7 E-Library sites is over, so there wont be any monitoring in those 7 sites. We will be focusing on 11 sites now on.

2) All volunteers should be heading towards the E-Library Sites betwen 25-27th of March. You can decide the date as per your convenience.

3)You need to contact to the teacher or principal of that school before going to the monitoring. Also ask following questions to them politely :
3.1) Condition of E-Library (if there is any hardware or software problems.)
3.2) Make sure you will know the problem and also find a solution for it. If we wont be able to solve the problem, our monitoring makes no point.
3.2) Ask how students are benefited with the E-Library.
3.3) Ask the contents of E-Library are used.properly.
3.4) Ask about the feasible bus route, time duration to reacj the school, ask exact location of school. this will be useful. You can ask this with volunteers who have already visited the site.

4) After identifying the problems get the necessary hardware from HeNN office Chabahil. .

5) If there is minor problem like defect in powerplug which can be easily solved, strictly mention this to the principal "If E-Library isn't functioning due to some minor problems and we came ti find out during monitoring we can even report HeNN about your carelessness. And all the component will be utilized for another new district."

6) Get an Application from HeNN office addressing the Principal about your visit. Suman Shrestha Dai from HeNN will do this.

DURING MONITORING AT SCHOOL
6) First handover the application to Principal.

7) Visit the E-Library. Request Principal to ask computer teacher assist you.

8) Make a checklist of Every component of Elibrary (Server 10 Clients and inverters, etc) and check thoroughly the hardware as well as software if there is any problem in Edubuntu. Troubleshoot if any. (Google through your mobile, use your brain or call any of us but make sure it is solved. )

9) After the problem is solved teach it to the computer teacher ( writing the steps in their note copy is the best idea)

10) Request either teacher or principal to bring some students and make them use the elibrary on their own. Observe following things during the monitoring:
10.1) Observe the skill level of students if they can start, login, open applications and use them on their own.
10.2) Also observe if computer teacher teacher's skill

TAKE SOME PICTURES or even FOR YOUR REPORT BUT DONT make the students embarracing.

AFTER MONITORING
11) Prepare an expenditure details and Monitoring Report taking reference from documents available in this group.
12) I expect the Monitoring Report and Expenditure in my inbox before 7th of April ( my email : sigdelsanjog@gmail.com. I'll compile it and have to sumbit it by 9th of April)
